we have been a 3-4 defensive both
georgia southern and 80 at times but
really more importantly than the scheme
four three two three four whatever was
just you know getting the right guy and
I think anytime you have a chance to our
guy with the experience and credentials
eval head you know it made it easy
decision and it didn't have to be a tree
for that has to be his system and it's a
system that you know we've run run
before so I was talking with it how
often did he
well we based our okay that was our Bay
City adjustable music I don't know this
I hope it's a big adjustment mean it's
mostly terminology and expectations and
those kind of things and then you still
gap control on because you know cover 3s
cover three on tues too so there are
there are some variations but it's like
it's rocking size wasn't it I cover
Virginia's and it just basically your
base defense he spent a lot of time in
other defenses yeah I mean you're going
to have a nickel package you're going to
have some different things you do his
own boots as stunts all those things but
just a base way of identifying personnel
paul rudd e jones yesterday said that
there's going to be some more passing
with a backs this year we
egg rolls that to your system and more
passing on the back bill this year
what happens it'll be good we need to do
it to help us win we've got in what's in
so we're not going into the season with
any emphasis to throw it more I can tell
you that already also talked about how
last year with so many close games that
it's going to be a benefit this year the
Connecticut drawn that experience if you
try to defend the ACC title right is
that something that you're talking to
guys crowd oh you know we haven't spent
a great deal talking about a whole lot
of anything yet you know we get into
camp you know we'll go over some things
but I think anytime you have guys that
have experienced that's a bonus and if
they've been in close games and they
played a lot certainly probably better
than guys who haven't played and that's
the first time they're in the post game
here
oh you're young picture for them on the
team's pictures there's a my rottie
today on the Sun fine people might never
want to
Warren ACC championship
each other better
what's your septum how could they still
won't let us play the games orbit deburn
yes that's all we care about you know I
don't pay any attention to where we get
picked
they got to pick somebody and we lost
some key players so it is what it is but
I think we can be competitive
we have to chat
situations I'm here you're here on young
men
the challenge and I would tell such a
big metropolitan area video
what to do what not to me that's not
hard I've already know what's right
wrong
you talk about it and you go over it but
you know if you take something that
that's probably wrong so you know we
talk all the time about there is no free
lunch I mean
somebody gives you something they want
something in return
and you have to make the hard tough
choices it's unfortunate that you have
unscrupulous people but you have them in
every profession and you know to get